fix(docs): Trivial misc docsite QA (#2751)
chanzuckerberg/single-cell-data-portal: frontend/doc-site/04__Analyze Public Data/4_1__Hosted Tutorials.mdx

<EmbeddedGoogleSlides src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSodPEAz7gO7SQvWY5t9BRV1aNahWBFpG2USoKDxTmnHIzk9sN_j3ISkOL5vxvsdrFOiO0eXlCnd6ru/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000" />

> Note: You can find more information [here](https://docs.cellxgene.cziscience.com/explore-data/algorithms#differential-expression) about how our differential expression is calculated. In brief, we use a Welch's t-test. While we are aware that single cell data does not always meet the assumptions imposed by this test, we utilize it because it performs well at identifying the _most_ differentially expressed genes, and this is what our feature returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can find more information <NextLink href="/docs/04__Analyze%20Public%20Data/4_3__Algorithms%20and%20Ontologies#differential-expression">here</NextLink> about how our differential expression is calculated. In brief, we use a Welch's t-test. While we are aware that single cell data does not always meet the assumptions imposed by this test, we utilize it because it performs well at identifying the _most_ differentially expressed genes, and this is what our feature returns.
```
